you're watching underdog gaming here at
the beginners guy for Raven Raven is
arguably one of the best owners in the
game with an arsenal of keep-away tools
at her disposal seeing is our character
trait changes her stance will divide her
special moves and combos into two parts
first off let's go over her standard
special moves and meter Birds
if devoid a move that absorbs
projectiles and builds meter in the
process
speeder burn sends an unblockable
projectile back at the opponent holding
down after the meter burns since the
projectile down over your opponent's
head instead soul crush a zoning attack
with incredible range meter burn
decreases damage but launches your
opponent toward you to extend combos
singularity another zoning attack with
great range that leaves the opponent in
a hard knockdown state meter burn
launches your enemy into the air to
extend combos shadow Raven a fast moving
projectile of quick recovery now for her
demon stance specials event horizon a
long-range vacuum that pulls your
opponent in and launches them away Peter
Burton holds the enemy in place to
extend combos negative mass a zoning
tool with close and far variance meter
burn increases damage and launches the
enemy into the air to extend combos
front dark transmission teleports you
directly in front of your opponent
can also be done in the air for a sneaky
overhead behind dart transmission
teleports you directly behind your
opponent can also be done in the air for
a sneaky cross up keep in mind that you
still have access to Ravens soul crush
while in her demon stands Ravens super
doesn't deal much damage and suffers
greatly from damage scaling making it
almost useless mid combo seeing is how
Raven relies heavily on meter never use
her super unless you know it will win
the match next we'll cover some basic
attack strings one one back plus two is
a great way to start off combos one one
three causes a hard knockdown that you
can use to change stances two to three
is a decent damaging way to start off
combos back plus two three puts your
enemy at full screen distance for some
more zoning one one four plus two is
another good way to start off certain
combos four plus one three is a fast way
to knock your opponent away back plus
one to three hits low twice for a good
mix-up
four plus two two two does good damage
it is a great way to start off combos
Ford plus two two three three is a fast
overhead that works great against
crouching opponents Ford plus two two up
plus one launches your opponent overhead
and is a great way to start off combos
now let's put it all together for some
basic bread-and-butter combos the button
translations are in the video
description below
remember that certain characters have
different hit boxes than others since
she has a demon stance we'll be
splitting the combos into two parts I
hope you enjoyed this beginners guide
please leave a comment stating which
character you'd like to see next
don't forget to Like comment and
subscribe for more videos come back next
time and as always I love you
dr. Tate
darkness taken